src/Squot.package/SquotDictionaryShadow.class/README.md, before:

I am a captured Dictionary. My item slots (for HashedCollection items) are the shadows of the associations contained in me.

Materialization of dictionaries is a bit tricky:
	1. The dictionary must only be reactivated (rehashed) once all associations are materialized and in place.
	2. Associations must only be added once their key is materialized and in place. They must not be added in an intermediary nil->nil state because their key hash is still wrong.
To ensure that associations are not added to dictionaries as nil->nil, the key object must be materialized before the association. To achieve this, additional pseudo references from the dictionary to its keys are introduced. Each of these is a SquotEntangledReference entangled with the reference from the dictionary to the association. Because of the entanglement the association is not added to the dictionary until the key is not also pseudo-added to the dictionary. Still the association might not get the key before the dictionary does. That the key is materialized before the association currently relies on the order in which the references are returned to and processed by the materializer's graph walk, but it is not logically enforced.

Commit message:

WIP: Use mirrors and walks in materialization
Remove concept of entangled references again; dictionary
keys can be handled via the significant hash feature of previous
commit. Slight change of meaning required for IdentityDictionaries
though: the hashes of the associations *are* relevant, only the hashes
of their keys are not.

Patching is still broken.

src/Squot.package/SquotDictionaryShadow.class/README.md, after:

I am a captured Dictionary. My item slots (for HashedCollection items) are the shadows of the associations contained in me.

Materialization of dictionaries is a bit tricky:
	1. The dictionary must only be reactivated (rehashed) once all associations are materialized and in place.
	2. Associations must only be added once their key is materialized and in place. They must not be added in an intermediary nil->nil state because their key hash is still wrong.
Therefore, all references to associations indicate that the hash of the reference value is significant. This will cause that the associations are not added to the Dictionary until they are fully reactivated (which is done only after all their references, to the key and value, have been filled in). While IdentityDictionaries do not need the hash of the key, but only its identity hash, still they must wait until the key is filled into the association. For simplicity, these associations are also added only after they have been fully reactivated.
